add docs for v0.7.0 (#988)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-vsphere: docs/getting_started.md

VSPHERE_RESOURCE_POOL: "*/Resources"                          # The vSphere resource pool for your VMs
VSPHERE_FOLDER: "vm"                                          # The VM folder for your VMs. Set to "" to use the root vSphere folder
VSPHERE_TEMPLATE: "ubuntu-1804-kube-v1.17.3"                  # The VM template to use for your management cluster.
CONTROL_PLANE_ENDPOINT_IP: "192.168.9.230"                    # the IP that kube-vip is going to use as a control plane endpoint

> EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET: "true"                              # This is mandatory CRS to deploy CSI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET: "true"                              # This enables the ClusterResourceSet feature that we are using to deploy CSI
```

VSPHERE_SSH_AUTHORIZED_KEY: "ssh-rsa AAAAB3N..."              # The public ssh authorized key on all machines
                                                              #   in this cluster.
                                                              #   Set to "" if you don't want to enable SSH,
                                                              #   or are using another solution.
```

If you are using the **DEPRECATED** `haproxy` flavour you will need to add the following variable to your `clusterctl.yaml`:

```yaml
VSPHERE_HAPROXY_TEMPLATE: "capv-haproxy-v0.6.4"               # The VM template to use for the HAProxy load balancer
```

**NOTE**: Technically, SSH keys and vSphere folders are optional, but optional template variables are not currently
supported by clusterctl. If you need to not set the vSphere folder or SSH keys, then remove the appropriate fields after
running `clusterctl config`.

the `CONTROL_PLANE_ENDPOINT_IP` is an IP that must be:
- an IP on the same subnet as the control plane machines
- an IP that is not part of your DHCP range

`CONTROL_PLANE_ENDPOINT_IP` is mandatory when you are using the default and the `external-loadbalancer` flavour

> the `EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET` is mandatory if you want to deploy CSI with the kube-vip (i.e. default one) flavour 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `EXP_CLUSTER_RESOURCE_SET` is required if you want to deploy CSI using cluster resource sets (mandatory in the default flavor).
```

```

## custom cluster templates

> the provided cluster templates are quickstarts, If you need anything specific that requires a more complex setup, we recommand to use cutsom templates:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the provided cluster templates are quickstarts, If you need anything specific that requires a more complex setup, we recommand to use custom templates:
```
